· THYESTES

days have passed uolselessly away, lowly may Ι die ¹ ’
and full of years. On him does death lie heavily,
ldddssolvll. too well known to all, dies to himself

[Eater ruvnsrns, retumiog from haoishmeat, accompaoied
hy lu'r three sona]

, rnvnsras

At last Ι see the weloome dwellings of my father-
land, the wealth of Argolis, and, the greatest and
best of sights to wretched exiles, a stretch of native
soil aud my ancestral gods (if after all gods there
are), the sacred towers reared by the Cyclopes, iu
beauty far excelling human effort‚ the racc-course
thronged with youth, where more than once, lifted
to fame, have Ι in my father's chariot won the palm.
Argos will come to meet me, the thronging populace
will come—but surely Atreus too! Rather seek Ι
again thy retreats' m the forest depths, the impene-
trable glades, and life shared with beasts and like to
theirs; this gleaming splendour of the throne rs ζ
naught that should blind my eyes with its false tinsel ι
show; when thou lookest on the gift, scan well the 3
giver, too. Of late midst such fortune as all count =
hard, Iwas brave and yoyous; but nowl am returned Ι

to fears;· my courage falters and, eager to go back, Ι
move unwilling feet along. l

muratus [adde]

My father (what can it mean ?) with faltering pace
goes as if dazed, keeps turning his face away, and
holds uncertain course.

125

 

